# Advanced-Programming-Practice
Advanced Programming Practice
This is a blog about Gym-CarRacing, a project of the University of Toronto's Autonomous Driving Program. GYM-Box2D CarRacing is a simulation environment for developing and comparing reinforcement learning algorithms on the OpenAI Gym platform. It is a version of the popular Box2D physics engine, modified to support simulating the physics of driving a car on a race track. Since there is a lot of content so it is updated in several times, this one is about the introduction of pre-knowledge, and the preparation of the project environment. Details are as follows.

Introduction to the background knowledge of autonomous driving.
Then the project may need to explain the knowledge points, the need to use image processing algorithms and basic lane detection algorithms, the explanation here is not too fine, the reader if not familiar with the search can be in a separate, C site also has a lot of introduction to these algorithms blog.
The project requires an environment installation tutorial (this part is my temporary addition in the blog review phase), because the project requires Conda and gym environment and a bunch of essential packages (one less can not run). I read that a lot of friends on the Internet stepped in a lot of holes in the environment installation when doing the project. So in order to facilitate the students who need to do the project, and those who are interested in the project, I have prepared a tutorial on environment installation here.
